Truly rural.
Chip shop chips
Eddie edited it.
She sees cheese.
She sees cheese.
Rolling red wagons
Crash Quiche Course
Stupid superstition!
Stupid superstition.
Which witch is which?
Red buick, blue buick
He threw three balls.
Willy’s really weary.
Free Ritz wristwatch.
Octopus ocular optics.
Rudder valve reversals
Broken back brake block
Red lorry, yellow lorry
Two to two to Toulouse?
Click, clap, pluck, ...
Pirates Private Property
Busy buzzing bumble bees.
Santa\'s Short Suit Shrunk
Three short sword sheaths.
Two tried and true tridents
Sheena leads, Sheila needs.
He threw three free throws.
A proper copper coffee pot.
Clowns grow glowing crowns.
Thin grippy thick slippery.
He threw three free throws.
Really leery, rarely Larry.
Silly sheep weep and sleep.
Coy knows pseudonoise codes.
He threw three free throws. 
I eat eel while you peel eel
Eleven benevolent elephants.
A cat snaps a rat\'s paxwax.
The queen in green screamed.
Gig whip, gig whip, gig whip.
Four fine fresh fish for you.
Dust is a disk\'s worst enemy.
A quick witted cricket critic.
A snake sneaks to seek a snack
Blue glue gun, green glue gun.
Quizzical quiz, kiss me quick.
Dust is a disk\'s worst enemy.
Tie twine to three tree twigs.
Fresh French fried fly fritters
Tom threw Tim three thumbtacks.
Fresh French fried fly fritters
Pad kid poured curd pulled cold.
Very well, very well, very well…
Green glass globes glow greenly.
Drew Dodd\'s dad\'s dog\'s dead.
Six slimy snails sailed silently.
Six slimy snails sailed silently.
Five fat friars frying flat fish.
I wish you were a fish in my dish
Scissors sizzle, thistles sizzle.
Seventy-seven benevolent elephants
Black background, brown background
Double bubble gum, bubbles double.
Clean clams crammed in clean cans.
People pledging plenty of pennies.
Nat the bat swat at Matt the gnat.
I wish to wash my Irish wristwatch.
A happy hippo hopped and hiccupped.
Nine nimble noblemen nibbling nuts.
She sells seashells by the seashore.
Darla\'s dollars Darn dawn dog gone!
A pessemistic pest exists amidst us.
Wayne went to Wales to watch walruses
A nurse anesthetist unearthed a nest.
Bake big batches of bitter brown bread
Plain bun, plum bun, bun without plum.
We surely shall see the sunshine soon.
Bug\'s black blood, Black bug\'s blood
Nine nice night nurses nursing nicely.
Freddy is ready to roast red roaches.
Wayne went to Wales to watch walruses.
An inchworm inches on ivy that itches.
Eve eating eagerly elegant Easter eggs.
Seth at Sainsbury\'s sells thick socks.
Ah shucks, six stick shifts stuck shut!
Six sleek swans swam swiftly southwards
Which wristwatch is a Swiss wristwatch?
A bloke\'s bike back brake block broke.
A big black bear sat on a big black rug.
Roofs of mushrooms rarely mush too much.
Roofs of mushrooms rarely mush too much.
Seth at Sainsbury\'s sells thick socks.
Four poor fools filled four pools full.
Silly Sally saw sixty slithering snakes.
Ready for Freddy\'s roasted red roaches?
Blended baby blue bug\'s blood blotches.
Ann and Andy\'s anniversary is in April.
A black bloke\'s back brake-block broke.
Fred fed Ted bread and Ted fed Fred bread
Roberta ran rings around the Roman ruins.
Singing Sammy sung songs on sinking sand.
Hitchcock Hawk Watch Spots Record Raptors
Normal word order or inverted word order?
Singing Sammy sung songs on sinking sand.
Crush grapes, grapes crush, crush grapes.
Shut up the shutters and sit in the shop.
Roberta ran rings around the Roman ruins.
No nose knows like a gnome\'s nose knows.
Four furious friends fought for the phone.
Pail of ale aiding ailing Al\'s travails.
Which wristwatches are Swiss wristwatches?
It\'s a nice night for a white rice fight.
Six sick sea-serpents swam the seven seas.
Each Easter Eddie eats eighty Easter eggs.
Brent Spence Bridge Clay Wade Bailey Bridge
Shoe section, shoe section, shoe section, …
The chief of the Leith police dismissed us.
Bob\'s pop-up blocker blocks Bob\'s pop-ups
Shannon shant ship ships through Shilshole.
Can you can a can as a canner can can a can?
This is the sixth zebra snoozing thoroughly.
Does this shop sport short socks with spots?
Gobbling gorgoyles gobbled gobbling goblins.
Which witch switched the Swiss wristwatches?
The sixth sick sheik\'s sixth sheep\'s sick.
Sally is a sheet slitter, she slits sheets.
Near an ear, a nearer ear, a nearly eerie ear
Plymouth sleuths thwart Luther\'s slithering.
Craig Quinn\'s quick trip to Crabtree Creek.
A synonym for cinnamon is a cinnamon synonym.
I saw a kitten eating chicken in the kitchen.
IF IF = THEN THEN THEN = ELSE ELSE ELSE = IF;
Midget minute, midget minute, midget minute, …
Peggy Babcock, Peggy Babcock, Peggy Babcock, …
I miss my Swiss miss. My Swiss miss misses me.
Tommy Tucker tried to tie Tammy\'s Turtles tie.
On a lazy laser raiser lies a laser ray eraser.
A slimey snake slithered down the sandy sahara.
On a lazy laser raiser lies a laser ray eraser.
Whoever slit the sheets is a good sheet slitter.
To put a pipe in byte mode, type PIPE_TYPE_BYTE.
If a dog chews shoes, whose shoes does he choose?
I scream, you scream, we all scream for icecream!
Nope, an antelope can\'t elope with a cantelope.
Two tiny timid toads trying to trot to Tarrytown.
Birdie birdie in the sky laid a turdie in my eye.
I thought, I thought of thinking of thanking you.
Wow, race winners really want red wine right away!
Five frantic frogs fled from fifty fierce fishes.
An illusory vision is a visionary illusion. Is it?
Seven slick slimey snakes slowly sliding southward.
Frozen Floyd flicks fat fleas for a fixed flat fee.
Cracker rapper, cracker rapper, cracker rapper, ...
Lesser leather never weathered wetter weather better.
She snapped a selfie with Sophie\'s silver cell phone
The cat crept into the crypt, crapped and crept out.
Miss Smith\'s fish-sauce shop seldom sells shellfish.
There was a minimum of cinnamon in the aluminium pan.
Round and round the rugged rock the ragged rascal ran.
Blake\'s black bike\'s back brake bracket block broke.
Give papa a cup of proper coffe in a copper coffe cup.
The great Greek grape growers grow great Greek grapes.
Cook \"Cookie\" Turk took Kookie Kirk a turkey cookie.
I saw Esau sitting on a seesaw. I saw Esau; he saw me.
Round and round the rugged rock the ragged rascal ran.
Chester Cheetah chews a chunk of cheep cheddar cheese.
Ripe white wheat reapers reap ripe white wheat right.
Round and round the rugged rock the ragged rascal ran.
Chester Cheetah chews a chunk of cheep cheddar cheese.
I wish I were what I was when I wished I were what I am
Caution: Wide Right Turns seen on semi-tractor trailers
Send toast to ten tense stout saints\' ten tall tents.
Silly shoe-fly pie fans sell chilly shoe-fly pie pans.
Dear mother, give your other udder to my other brother.
Extinct insects\' instincts, extant insects\' instincts.
Will I always be so Merry when Mary\'s taking care of me?
If Stu chews shoes, should Stu choose the shoes he chews?
A big black bug bit a big black dog on his big black nose!
Six sick hicks nick six slick bricks with picks and sticks.
In shoulder surgery some surgeons sew soldiers\' shoulders.
Did Doug dig Dick\'s garden or did Dick dig Doug\'s garden?
Cheap Sheep Sheets, Cheap Sheep Sheets, Cheap Sheep Sheets.
I slit a sheet, a sheet I slit, upon a slitted sheet I sit.
Six sick hicks nick six slick bricks with picks and sticks.
But she as far surpasseth Sycorax, as great\'st does least.
Six shining cities, six shining cities, six shining cities.
You\'re behaving like a babbling, bumbling band of baboons.
Quick queens quack quick quacks quicker than quacking quails.
Certified certificates from certified certificate certifiers.
No need to light a night-light on a light night like tonight.
Purple paper people, purple paper people, purple paper people.
How many saws could a see-saw saw if a see-saw could saw saws?
How many saws could a see-saw saw if a see-saw could saw saws?
Five fuzzy French frogs Frolicked through the fields in France.
Five fuzzy French frogs Frolicked through the fields in France.
Excited executioner exercising his excising powers excessively.
Five fuzzy French frogs Frolicked through the fields in France.
Sinful Caesar sipped his snifter, seized his knees and sneezed.
Excited executioner exercising his excising powers excessively.
How many cats would a caddie catch if a caddie could catch cats?
Buckets of bug blood, buckets of bug blood, buckets of bug blood.
How much oil boil can a gum boil boil if a gum boil can boil oil?
How many yaks could a yak pack pack if a yak pack could pack yaks?
Seven slick and sexy sealskin ski suits slid slowly down the slope.
Tell Tom the ticket taker to take the ticket to the ticket wicket.
Carolina Herrera resides in the rural area with her running horses.
Any noise annoys an oyster, but a noisy noise annoys an oyster most.
Furnish Freddie\'s nursery with forty-four furry Furby Beanie Babies.
Old Mr. Hunt had a cuddy punt not a cuddy punt but a hunt punt cuddy.
Old Mr. Hunt had a cuddy punt Not a cuddy punt but a hunt punt cuddy.
Rhys watched Ross switch his Irish wristwatch for a Swiss wristwatch.
How much cash could a sasquatch stash if a sasquatch could stash cash?
Old lady Hunt had a cuzzy Funt not a cuzzy Funt but a Hunt Funt cuzzy.
How much pot, could a pot roast roast, if a pot roast could roast pot.
A turbot\'s not a burbot, for a turbot\'s a butt, but a burbot\'s not.
I saw Esau kissing Kate. I saw Esau, he saw me, and she saw I saw Esau.
Real weird rear wheels, real weird rear wheels, real weird rear wheels.
How many boards could the Mongols hoard if the Mongol hordes got bored?
Real weird rear wheels, real weird rear wheels, real weird rear wheels.
A gazillion gigantic grapes gushed  gradually giving gophers gooey guts.
How many ducks could a duck duct-tape, if a duck could duct-tape ducks?
When you write copy you have the right to copyright the copy you write….
How many bears could Bear Grills grill if Bear grills could grill bears?
One black beetle bled only black blood, the other black beetle bled blue.
Fresh fried fish,  Fish fresh fried,  Fried fish fresh,  Fish fried fresh.
A smart fella, a fella smart. It takes a smart fella to say a fella smart.
Six sleek swans swam swiftly southwards Six slick, slim, slender saplings.
How many pounds in a groundhog\'s mound when a groundhog pounds hog mounds?
Big black bugs bleed blue black blood but baby black bugs bleed blue blood.
It\'s not right to write Wright \'Rite\', please try to write Wright right!
Big black bugs bleed blue black blood but baby black bugs bleed blue blood.
If two witches would watch two watches, which witch would watch which watch?
The two Tibble twins tied tiny twine to twelve teachers’ tipping trek tents.
He thrusts his fists against the posts, and still insists he sees the ghosts
Of all the felt I ever felt I never felt felt that felt like that felt felt.
Mrs Hunt had a country cut front in the front of her country cut pettycoat.
Frank\'s fisher fishes on Friday for Frank\'s Friday fresh fried fish-fest.
Dick had a dog, the dog dug, the dog dug deep, how deep did Dick\'s dog dig?
Thirty-three thousand people think that Thursday is their thirtieth birthday.
Supposed to be pistachio, supposed to be pistachio, supposed to be pistachio.
How many tow trucks could a tow truck tow if a tow truck could tow tow trucks.
Rory the warrior and Roger the worrier were reared wrongly in a rural brewery.
Rory the warrior and Roger the worrier were reared wrongly in a rural brewery.
Swan swam over the sea. Swim, swan, swim! Swan swam back again. Well swum swan!
Thirty-three thirsty, thundering thoroughbreds thumped Mr. Thurber on Thursday.
Thirty-three thirsty, thundering thoroughbreds thumped Mr. Thurber on Thursday.
Thirty-three thirsty, thundering thoroughbreds thumped Mr. Thurber on Thursday.
The ruddy widow really wants ripe watermelon and red roses when winter arrives.
Washing the washing machine while watching the washing machine washing washing.
How much myrtle would a wood turtle hurdle if a wood turtle could hurdle myrtle?
We will learn why her lowly lone, worn yarn loom will rarely earn immoral money.
Wunwun was a racehorse, Tutu was one too. Wunwun won one race, Tutu won one too.
I see a sea down by the seashore.  But which sea do you see down by the seashore?
It\'s not the cough that carries you off,  it\'s the coffin they carry you off in!
Why do you cry, Willy?  Why do you cry?  Why, Willy?  Why, Willy?  Why, Willy? Why?
If you notice this notice,  you will notice that this notice is not worth noticing.
I have got a date at a quarter to eight; I’ll see you at the gate, so don’t be late
Seven sleazy shysters in sharkskin suits sold sheared sealskins to seasick sailors.
Come, come, Stay calm, stay calm, No need for alarm, It only hums, It doesn\'t harm.
Come, come, stay calm, stay calm, no need for alarm, it only hums, it doesn\'t harm.
Suzie Seaword\'s fish-sauce shop sells unsifted thistles for thistle-sifters to sift
Picky people pick Peter Pan Peanut-Butter, \'tis the peanut-butter picky people pick.
Larry Hurley, a burly squirrel hurler, hurled a furry squirrel through a curly grill.
Picky people pick Peter Pan Peanut-Butter, \'tis the peanut-butter picky people pick.
A skunk sat on a stump and thunk the stump stunk, but the stump thunk, the skunk stunk.
Tie a knot, tie a knot.  Tie a tight, tight knot.  Tie a knot in the shape of a nought.
How many snacks could a snack stacker stack, if a snack stacker snacked stacked snacks?
How many snacks could a snack stacker stack, if a snack stacker snacked stacked snacks?
There those thousand thinkers were thinking how did the other three thieves go through.
Don\'t spring on the inner-spring this spring or there will be an offspring next spring.
If you\'re keen on stunning kites and cunning stunts, buy a cunning stunning stunt kite.
Susie works in a shoeshine shop. Where she shines she sits, and where she sits she shines
Can you imagine an imaginary menagerie manager imagining managing an imaginary menagerie?
Three grey geese In a green field grazing, Grey were the geese And green was the grazing.
Who washed Washington\'s white woolen underwear when Washington\'s washer-woman went west?
They hatch fish at the state fish hatchery and sell hatched fish to the fish stick factory
If a fella met a fella in a field of fitches Can a fella tell a fella where a fella itches?
One-one was a race horse.  Two-two was one too.  One-one won one race.  Two-two won one too.
She saw Sherif\'s shoes on the sofa. But was she so sure she saw Sherif\'s shoes on the sofa?
There are two minutes difference from four to two to two to two, from two to two to two, too.
She saw Sherif\'s shoes on the sofa. But was she so sure she saw Sherif\'s shoes on the sofa?
My friend got a frisbee with the \"Friskies\"-logo on it My mommy makes me muffins on Mondays.
Hassock hassock, black spotted hassock. Black spot on a black back of a black spotted hassock.
I would if I could, and if I couldn\'t, how could I? You couldn\'t, unless you could, could you?
Kantai can tie a tie. If Kantai can tie a tie, why can\'t I tie a tie like Kantai can tie a tie.
If Kantie can tie a tie and untie a tie,  why can\'t I tie a tie and untie a tie like Kantie can.
Mares eat oats and does eat oats, and little lambs eat ivy. A Kid will eat ivy too, wouldn\'t ewe?
John, where Molly had had \"had\", had had \"had had\". \"Had had \" had had the teachers approval
Birdie birdie in the sky laid a turdie in my eye.  If cows could fly I\'d have a cow pie in my eye.
If you can\'t can any candy can, how many candy cans can a candy canner can if he can can candy cans?
Love\'s a feeling you feel when you feel  you\'re going to feel the feeling you\'ve never felt before.
Will you, William? Will you, William? Will you, William?  Can\'t you, don\'t you, won\'t you, William?
If you can\'t can any candy can, how many candy cans can a candy canner can if he can can candy cans ?
I thought the haughty Professor Tortoise taught ontology, but the naughty Tortoise taught us tautology.
How much caramel can a canny canonball cram in a camel if a canny canonball can cram caramel in a camel?
Tell a tall tale of a tall tailed dog, that told Tim it tap a tall ale and thump the top of Tim\'s tomb.
How much caramel can a canny canonball cram in a camel if a canny canonball can cram caramel in a camel?
Mr. See owned a saw and Mr Soar owned a seesaw. Now See\'s saw sawed Soar\'s seesaw before Soar saw See.
Don\'t trouble trouble, until trouble troubles you! If you trouble trouble, triple trouble troubles you!
I\'m not the fig plucker,  nor the fig plucker\'s son,  but I\'ll pluck figs  till the fig plucker comes.
The Professor Peter Peckinpah all purpose anti-personnel Peckinpah pocket pistol under the toupee trick.
While we were walking, we were watching window washers wash Washington\'s windows with warm washing water.
Mr. Tongue Twister tried to train his tongue to twist and turn, and twit an twat, to learn the letter “T\".
Mr. Tongue Twister tried to train his tongue to twist and turn, and twit an twat, to learn the letter \"T\".
Ray Rag ran across a rough road. Across a rough road Ray Rag ran. Where is the rough road Ray Rag ran across?
Pete\'s pa pete poked to the pea patch to pick a peck of peas for the poor pink pig in the pine hole pig-pen.
Pete\'s pa pete poked to the pea patch to pick a peck of peas for the poor pink pig in the pine hole pig-pen.
The crow flew over the river with a lump of raw liver. The great Greek grape growers grow great Greek grapes.
Ray Rag ran across a rough road. Across a rough road Ray Rag ran. Where is the rough road Ray Rag ran across?
A wood turtle would hurdle as much myrtle as a wood turtle could hurdle if a wood turtle could hurdle myrtle.
Denise sees the fleece,  Denise sees the fleas.  At least Denise could sneeze  and feed and freeze the fleas.
Sweet sagacious Sally Sanders said she sure saw seven segregated seaplanes sailing swiftly southward Saturday.
Fred Threlfall\'s thirty-five fine threads are finer threads than Fred Threlfall\'s thirty-five thick threads.
\"Fooey! My father\'s flunkies fare far fancier,\" the frazzled fugitive fumed feverishly, frankly facing fact.
The pellet with the poison\'s In the flagon with the dragon The vessel with the pestle Has the brew that is true
Farrell\'s features fabulous food \'n\' fantastic fountain fantasies for frolicking, fun-filled festive families.
On mules we find two legs behind and two we find before. We stand behind before we find what those behind be for.
There\'s a cross on the muzzle Of the pistol with the bullet But a nick on the handle Of the pistol with the blank.
The Smothers brothers\' father\'s mother\'s brothers are the Smothers brothers\' mother\'s father\'s other brothers.
I shot a hippopotamus with bullets made of platinum because if I used leaden ones his hide would surely flatten them.
If coloured caterpillars could change their colours constantly could they keep their coloured coat coloured properly?
A maid named Lady Marmalade made mainly lard and lemonade. M\'lady lamely never made a well-named, labelled marmalade.
I stood sadly on the silver steps of Burgess\'s fish sauce shop, mimicking him hiccuping, and wildly welcoming him within.
Did Dick Pickens prick his pinkie pickling cheap cling peaches in an inch of Pinch or framing his famed French finch photos?
How much dew does a dewdrop drop if dewdrops do drop dew? They do drop, they do as do dewdrops drop if dewdrops do drop dew.
I wish to wish the wish you wish to wish, but if you wish the wish the witch wishes, I won\'t wish the wish you wish to wish.
Deer, deer, oh dear, oh dear, your career as a deer is over here no, no, oh no, although your career as a skellytun\'s begun.
I wish to wish the wish you wish to wish, but if you wish the wish the witch wishes, I won\'t wish the wish you wish to wish.
I wish to wish the wish you wish to wish, but if you wish the wish the witch wishes, I won\'t wish the wish you wish to wish.
Hello? Who\'s calling? Watt. What\'s your name? Watt\'s my name. Yes, what is your name? My name is John Watt. John what? Yes.
I wish to wish, I dream to dream, I try to try, and I live to live, and I\'d die to die, and I cry to cry but I dont know why.
Bill had a billboard, Bill also had a board bill. The billboard bored Bill so Bill sold the billboard to pay for the board bill.
How much dew does a dewdrop drop  If dewdrops do drop dew?  They do drop, they do  As do dewdrops drop  If dewdrops do drop dew.
Silly Sally Shouldnort shaved sheep she should show soon so selling sheep shaved showed she shouldn\'t show shaved sheep so soon.
Sally sells sea shells by the sea shore. But if Sally sells sea shells by the sea shore then where are the sea shells Sally sells?
Hercules, a hardy hunter, hunted a hare in the Hampshire Hills. Hit him on the head with a hard, hard hammer and he howled horribly!
Dick had a duck, the duck dived, the duck dived deep, how deep did Dick\'s duck dive? Dick\'s duck dived as deep as Dick\'s dog dug!
Of all the felt I ever felt, I never felt a piece of felt which felt as fine as that felt felt, when first I felt that felt hat\'s felt.
How many cans can a cannibal nibble if a cannibal can nibble cans? As many cans as a cannibal can nibble if a cannibal can nibble cans.
How many cans can a cannibal nibble  if a cannibal can nibble cans?  As many cans as a cannibal can nibble  if a cannibal can nibble cans.
A wooden worm wouldn\'t be worthy of worship but would he if he wondered and worried about what he would be worthy of if he wasn\'t wooden?
If Pickford\'s packers packed a packet of crisps would the packet of crisps that Pickford\'s packers packed survive for two and a half years?
If Pickford\'s packers packed a packet of crisps would the packet of crisps that Pickford\'s packers packed survive for two and a half years?
Moses supposes his toeses are roses. But Moses supposes erroneously. Moses, he knows his toeses aren\'t roses as Moses supposes his toeses to be.
Slinking, sliding, slithering slyly, Swiftly slipping through the grasses shyly, Silent but for swish and hiss Is the sinuous snake\'s leglessness.
Slinking, sliding, slithering slyly, Swiftly slipping through the grasses shyly, Silent but for swish and hiss Is the sinuous snake\'s leglessness.
A Tudor who tooted the flute tried to tutor two tooters to toot. Said the two to the tutor, \"Is it harder to toot or to tutor two tooters to toot?”
To begin to toboggan, first buy a toboggan. But don\'t buy too big a toboggan. Too big a toboggan is too big a toboggan to buy to begin to toboggan.
A Tudor who tooted the flute tried to tutor two tooters to toot. Said the two to the tutor, \"Is it harder to toot or to tutor two tooters to toot?”
Terry Teeter, a teeter-totter teacher, taught her daughter Tara to teeter-totter, but Tara Teeter didn\'t teeter-totter as Terry Teeter taught her to.
How much dough would Bob Dole dole if Bob Dole could dole dough? Bob Dole would dole as much dough as Bob Dole could dole, if Bob Dole could dole dough.
How many cookies could a good cook cook If a good cook could cook cookies? A good cook could cook as much cookies as a good cook who could cook cookies.
How much dough would Bob Dole dole if Bob Dole could dole dough? Bob Dole would dole as much dough as Bob Dole could dole, if Bob Dole could dole dough.
That\'s tongue twisters  And it seems so easy till the word gets sprung  If you insist you want to try a lisp  Then step up mister and twist your tongue 
You name it, we claim it. If we can\'t get it, we\'ll send you to get it. If we can\'t send you to get it, forget it. Who\'s got it, if we don\'t got it?
That\'s tongue twisters  And it seems so easy till the word gets sprung  If you insist you want to try a lisp  Then step up mister and twist your tongue 
I saw a saw that could out saw any saw I ever saw saw. If you happen to see a saw that can out saw the saw I saw saw I\'d like to see the saw you saw saw.
Heda is hoping to hop to Tahiti  To hack a hibiscus to hang on her hat  Now Heda has hundreds of hats on her hatrack  So how can a hop to Tahiti help that 
Amidst the mists and coldest frosts, With stoutest wrists and loudest boasts, He thrusts his fists against the posts, And still insists he sees the ghosts.
How much ground would a groundhog hog, if a groundhog could hog ground? A groundhog would hog all the ground he could hog, if a groundhog could hog ground.
Admidst the mists and coldest frosts, with stoutest wrists and loudest boasts, he thrusts his fists against the posts, and still insists he sees the ghosts.
Mo mi mo send me a toe, Me me mo get me a mole, Mo mi mo  send me a toe, Fe me mo  get me a mole. Mister kister feet so sweet, Mister kister where will I eat ?
Luke\'s duck likes lakes. Luke Luck licks lakes. Luck\'s duck licks lakes. Duck takes licks in lakes Luke Luck likes. Luke Luck takes licks in lakes duck likes.
If a Hottentot taught a Hottentot tot to talk ere the tot could totter, ought the Hottentot tot be taught to say ought or naught or what ought to be taught her?
I know a boy named Tate who dined with his girl at eight eight. I\'m unable to state what Tate ate at eight eight or what Tate\'s tête à tête ate at eight eight.
The only verdict is vengeance; a vendetta, held as a votive, not in vain, for the value and veracity of such shall one day vindicate the vigilant and the virtuous.
Tito and Tato were tattooed in total  But Toto was only tattooed on his toe  So Tato told Tito where Toto was tattooed  But Tito said Toto\'s tattoo wouldn\'t show 
Three tree turtles took turns talking tongue twisters. If three tree turtles took turns talking tongue twisters, where\'s the twisters the three tree turtles talked?
Which Witch snitched the Snitch Witch? Or did the Snitch Witch snitch the Witch? If the Snitch Witch snitched the Witch then which Witch did the Snitch Witch snitch?
As he gobbled the cakes on his plate, the greedy ape said as he ate, the greener green grapes are, the keener keen apes are to gobble green grape cakes. They’re great!
There was a fisherman named Fisher who fished for some fish in a fissure. Till a fish with a grin, pulled the fisherman in. Now they\'re fishing the fissure for Fisher.
Whether the weather be fine or whether the weather be not. Whether the weather be cold or whether the weather be hot. We\'ll weather the weather whether we like it or not.
Mrs Puggy Wuggy has a square cut punt. Not a punt cut square, just a square cut punt. It’s round in the stern and blunt in the front. Mrs Puggy Wuggy has a square cut punt.
There was a fisherman named Fisher  who fished for some fish in a fissure.  Till a fish with a grin,  pulled the fisherman in.  Now they\'re fishing the fissure for Fisher.
The bottle of perfume that Willy sent was highly displeasing to Millicent. Her thanks were so cold that they quarreled, I\'m told o\'er that silly scent Willy sent Millicent
Mo mi mo me send me a toe,  Me me mo mi get me a mole,  Mo mi mo me send me a toe,  Fe me mo mi get me a mole,  Mister kister feet so sweet,  Mister kister where will I eat !?
Grandma Gabby Grammer grabbed a gram of gummy goulash. If Grandma Gabby Grammer grabbed a gram of gummy goulash, How many grams of gummy goulash did Grandma Gabby Grammer grab?
When I went to Warsaw, I saw a saw that could outsaw any saw that I ever saw. Now, if you go to Warsaw and see a saw that could outsaw the saw I saw, I\'d like to see your saw saw.
A fly and flea flew into a flue, said the fly to the flea \'what shall we do?\' \'Let us fly\' said the flea said the fly \'shall we flee\' so they flew through a flaw in the flue.
A rough-coated, dough-faced, thoughtful ploughman strode through the streets of Scarborough; after falling into a slough, he coughed and hiccoughed. A singly circularly linked list.
How many berries could a bare berry carry, if a bare berry could carry berries? Well they can\'t carry berries (which could make you very wary) but a bare berry carried is more scary!
She sells sea shells on the sea shore; The shells that she sells are sea shells I\'m sure. So if she sells sea shells on the sea shore, I\'m sure that the shells are sea shore shells.
How many berries could a bare berry carry, if a bare berry could carry berries? Well they can\'t carry berries (which could make you very wary) but a bare berry carried is more scary!
A fly and flea flew into a flue,  said the fly to the flea \'what shall we do?\'  \'let us fly\' said the flea  said the fly \'shall we flee\'  so they flew through a flaw in the flue.
Silly Sally swiftly shooed seven silly sheep.  The seven silly sheep Silly Sally shooed  Shilly-shallied south.  These sheep shouldn\'t sleep in a shack;  Sheep should sleep in a shed.
Snobby Miss. Nora is sniffing her snuffer  The snuffer\'s no sniffing it makes Nora sneeze  When Snyda lets Nort know his Nora is sneezing  She snappily snorts Nora\'s sneezing a breeze 
How many berries could a bare berry carry,  if a bare berry could carry berries?  Well they can\'t carry berries  (which could make you very wary)  but a bare berry carried is more scary!
Luke Luck likes lakes.  Luke\'s duck likes lakes.  Luke Luck licks lakes.  Luck\'s duck licks lakes.  Duck takes licks in lakes Luke Luck likes.  Luke Luck takes licks in lakes duck likes.
Now Kissle will whistle at busty Miss. Russell  Who\'ll rustle and bustle till Kissle will roar  So Russell asked Axle for Kissle\'s dismissal  And this\'ll teach Kissle to whistle no more
I thought a thought. But the thought I thought wasn\'t the thought I thought I thought. If the thought I thought I thought had been the thought I thought, I wouldn\'t have thought so much.
Theda thought Thora was thumping her thimble  But Thomas thought Thora was thumping her drum  Said Theda if Thora\'s not thumping her thimble  I think that she surely is thumping her thumb 
I thought a thought. But the thought I thought wasn’t the thought I thought I thought. If the thought I thought I thought, had been the thought I thought, I wouldn\'t have thought I thought.
How much myrtle would a wood turtle hurdle if a wood turtle could hurdle myrtle? A wood turtle would hurdle as much myrtle as a wood turtle could hurdle if a wood turtle could hurdle myrtle.
How much myrtle would a wood turtle hurdle if a wood turtle could hurdle myrtle? A wood turtle would hurdle as much myrtle as a wood turtle could hurdle if a wood turtle could hurdle myrtle.
Dr. Johnson and Mr. Johnson, after great consideration, came to the conclusion that the Indian nation beyond the Indian Ocean is back in education because the chief occupation is cultivation.
When a doctor doctors a doctor, does the doctor doing the doctoring doctor as the doctor being doctored wants to be doctored or does the doctor doing the doctoring doctor as he wants to doctor?
Sheila is selling her shop at the seashore for shops at the seashore are so sure to lose and she’s not so sure of what she should be selling should Sheila sell seashells or should she sell shoes
As I was in Arkansas I saw a saw that could out saw any saw I ever saw saw. If you happen to be in Arkansas and see a saw that can out saw the saw I saw saw I\'d like to see the saw you saw saw.
As I was in Arkansas I saw a saw that could out saw any saw I ever saw saw. If you happen to be in Arkansas and see a saw that can out saw the saw I saw saw I\'d like to see the saw you saw saw.
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? He would chuck, he would , as much as he could, and chuck as much wood as a woodchuck would if a woodchuck could chuck wood.
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers. A peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked. If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers, where’s the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked.
Mary Mac\'s mother\'s making Mary Mac marry me.  My mother\'s making me marry Mary Mac.  Will I always be so Merry when Mary\'s taking care of me?  Will I always be so merry when I marry Mary Mac?
Now Charley is chary when choosing his cheeses  And cheese is a challenge when Charley arrives  When Charley is charming and chooses a cheddar  Then chews it and chips it and chops in some chives 
To sit in solemn silence in a dull, dark dock in a pestilential prison with a life-long lock, awaiting the sensation of a short, sharp shock from a cheap and chippy chopper with a big, black block.
Tricky Tristan tracked a trail of tiny turtles. How many tiny turtles did Tricky Tristan track? Tricky Tristan tracked twenty two tiny turtles; that\'s how many tiny turtles tricky Tristan tracked.
Chester chooses chestnuts, cheddar cheese with chewy chives. He chews them and he chooses them. He chooses them and he chews them Those chestnuts, cheddar cheese and chives in cheery, charming chunks.
If you stick a stock of liquor in your locker it is slick to stick a lock upon your stock or some joker who is slicker is going to trick you of your liquor if you fail to lock your liquor with a lock.
If you stick a stock of liquor in your locker it is slick to stick a lock upon your stock or some joker who is slicker is going to trick you of your liquor if you fail to lock your liquor with a lock.
If you understand, say \"understand\".  If you don\'t understand, say \"don\'t understand\".  But if you understand and say \"don\'t understand\".  how do I understand that you understand. Understand!?
How many wenches could a witch\'s wench wrench wrench if a witch\'s wench wrench could wrench wenches. As many wenches as a witch\'s wench wrench could, if a witch\'s wench wrench could wrench wenches.
She is a thistle-sifter. She has a sieve of unsifted thistles and a sieve of sifted thistles and the sieve of unsifted thistles she sifts into the sieve of sifted thistles because she is a thistlesifter.
A twister of twists once twisted a twist. and the twist that he twisted was a three-twisted twist. now in twisting this twist, if a twist should untwist, would the twist that untwisted untwist the twists?
A twister of twists once twisted a twist. and the twist that he twisted was a three-twisted twist. now in twisting this twist,  if a twist should untwist, would the twist that untwisted untwist the twists?
Sister Susie\'s sewing shirts for soldiers, such saucy soft short shirts for soldiers sister Susie sews, Some soldiers send epistles say they\'d sooner sleep on thistles, than those saucy soft short shirts for.
Oh, the sadness of her sadness when she\'s sad. Oh, the gladness of her gladness when she\'s glad. But the sadness of her sadness, and the gladness of her gladness, Are nothing like her madness when she\'s mad!
Frustrated from failure and filled with forebodings, he fled for his family. Falling at his father\'s feet, he floundered forlornly. \"Father, I have flunked and fruitlessly forfeited further family favors . . .\"
If a packet hits a pocket on a socket on a port, And the bus is interrupted as a very last resort, And the address of the memory makes your floppy disk abort,  Then the socket packet pocket has an error to report!
Now the trees are all groaning in growling, rough gales that with thuds and hoarse roaring roll raging around! Such leaf-rousing, branch-ruining, ripping, raw wails, such a terrible, thrashing and tree-wrecking sound!
Yellow butter, purple jelly, red jam, black bread. Spread it thick, say it quick! Yellow butter, purple jelly, red jam, black bread. Spread it thicker, say it quicker! Yellow butter, purple jelly, red jam, black bread.
Jean Claude Jaquettie, with his jacket on. Jean Claude Jaquettie, with his jacket off. Jean Claude Jaquettie, with his jacket on. Jean Claude Jaquettie, with his jacket off. Jacket on, Jacket off, Jacket on, Jacket off.
A bitter biting bittern bit a better biting bittern and the better biting bittern bit the bitter biting bittern back. Said the bitter biting bittern to the better biting bittern “I’m a bitter biting bittern bitten back”
How much juice does a fruit juice producer produce when a fruit juice producer produces fruit juice? We can deduce a fruit juice produces as much juice as a fruit juice produce can seduce from the fruit that produces juice.
Tommy, Tommy, toiling in a tailor\'s shop. All day long he fits and tucks, all day long he tucks and fits, and fits and tucks, and tucks and fits, and fits and tucks, and tucks and fits. Tommy, Tommy, toiling in a tailor\'s shop.
Tommy, Tommy, toiling in a tailor\'s shop. All day long he fits and tucks, all day long he tucks and fits, and fits and tucks, and tucks and fits, and fits and tucks, and tucks and fits. Tommy, Tommy, toiling in a tailor\'s shop.
That\'s tongue twisters  And it seems so easy till the word gets sprung  If you insist you want to try a lisp  Then step up mister and twist your tongue  Twista felt Twister was trying to whistle  But Twister had twisted his tongue
Through three cheese trees three free fleas flew. While these fleas flew, freezy breeze blew. Freezy breeze made these three trees freeze. Freezy trees made these trees\' cheese freeze. That\'s what made these three free fleas sneeze.
Through three cheese trees three free fleas flew. While these fleas flew, freezy breeze blew. Freezy breeze made these three trees freeze. Freezy trees made these trees\' cheese freeze. That\'s what made these three free fleas sneeze.
Yally Bally had a jolly golliwog. Feeling folly, Yally Bally Bought his jolly golli\' a dollie made of holly! The golli\', feeling jolly, named the holly dollie, Polly. So Yally Bally\'s jolly golli\'s holly dollie Polly\'s also jolly!
Yally Bally had a jolly golliwog. Feeling folly, Yally Bally Bought his jolly golli\' a dollie made of holly! The golli\', feeling jolly, named the holly dollie, Polly. So Yally Bally\'s jolly golli\'s holly dollie Polly\'s also jolly!
If your cursor finds a menu item followed by a dash, And the double-clicking icon puts your window in the trash, And your data is corrupted \'cause the index doesn\'t hash, then your situation\'s hopeless, and your system\'s gonna crash!
Suzie, Suzie, working in a shoeshine shop. All day long she sits and shines, all day long she shines and sits, and sits and shines, and shines and sits, and sits and shines, and shines and sits. Suzie, Suzie, working in a shoeshine shop.
Through three cheese trees three free fleas flew.  While these fleas flew, freezy breeze blew.  Freezy breeze made these three trees freeze.  Freezy trees made these trees\' cheese freeze.  That\'s what made these three free fleas sneeze.
Betty Botter bought some butter. But, she said the butter’s bitter. If I put it in my batter, it will make my batter bitter. But a bit of better butter will make my batter better. So, it was better Betty Botter bought a bit of better butter.
When the copy of your floppy\'s getting sloppy on the disk, And the microcode instructions cause unnecessary risk, Then you have to flash your memory and you\'ll want to ram your rom. Quickly turn off the computer and be sure to tell your mom!
What did you have for breakfast?  - rubber balls and liquor!  What did you have for lunch?  - rubber balls and liquor!  What did you have for dinner?  - rubber balls and liquor!  What do you do when your sister comes home?  - rubber balls and liquor!
His foresighted father figured, \"Such filial fidelity is fine, but what forbids fervent festivities? The fugitive is found! Unfurl the flags! With fanfare flaring, let fun, frolic and frivolity flow freely, former failures forgotten and folly forsaken.\"
Yellow butter, purple jelly, red jam, black bread.  Spread it thick, say it quick!  Yellow butter, purple jelly, red jam, black bread.  Spread it thicker, say it quicker!  Yellow butter, purple jelly, red jam, black bread.  Don\'t eat with your mouth full!
What a to do to die today at a quarter or two to two. A terrible difficult thing to say but a harder thing still to do. The dragon will come at the beat of the drum with a rat-a-tat-tat atat-tat a-tat-to at a quarter or two to two today, at a quarter or two to two.
The Leith police dismisseth us They thought we sought to stay;  The Leith police dismisseth us They thought we\'d stay all day. The Leith police dismisseth us, We both sighed sighs apiece;  And the sighs that we sighed as we said goodbye Were the size of the Leith police.
Colliding, colt riding cowboys, combining colliding while gliding at night coinciding in their fight. It wasn\'t quite trite even with slight sight, who was right? The fight like light, flashed bright, fast as bears bite flies flying near the bears eyes the fleeing flies die.
Colliding, colt riding cowboys, combining colliding while gliding at night coinciding in their fight. It wasn\'t quite trite even with slight sight, who was right? The fight like light, flashed bright, fast as bears bite flies flying near the bears eyes the fleeing flies die.
I\'m a mother pheasant plucker, I pluck mother pheasants. I\'m the most pleasant mother pheasant plucker, to ever pluck a mother pheasant. Actually, ... I\'m Not the pheasant plucker, I\'m the pheasant plucker\'s son. But I\'ll stay and pluck the pheasants Till the pheasant plucking \'s done!
What a to do to die today At a minute or two to two A thing distinctly hard to say And harder still to do.  For they\'ll beat a tattoo at twenty to two A rat-tat-tat-Tat-tat-tat-Tat-tat-tat-too And the dragon will come when he hears the drum, At a minute or two to two today At a minute or two to two.
All I want is a proper cup of coffee, Made in a proper copper coffee pot I may be off my dot But I want a cup of coffee From a proper coffee pot.  Tin coffee pots and iron coffee pots They\'re no use to me - If I can\'t have a proper cup of coffee In a proper copper coffee pot I\'ll have a cup of tea.
Bobby Bippy bought a bat. Bobby Bippy bought a ball. With his bat Bob banged the ball Banged it bump against the wall but so boldly Bobby banged it that he burst his rubber ball \"Boo!\" cried Bobby Bad luck ball Bad luck Bobby, bad luck ball Now to drown his many troubles Bobby Bippy\'s blowing bubbles.
Something in a thirty-acre thermal thicket of thorns and thistles thumped and thundered threatening the three-D thoughts of Matthew the thug - although, theatrically, it was only the thirteen-thousand thistles and thorns through the underneath of his thigh that the thirty year old thug thought of that morning.
Something in a thirty-acre thermal thicket of thorns and thistles thumped and thundered threatening the three-D thoughts of Matthew the thug - although, theatrically, it was only the thirteen-thousand thistles and thorns through the underneath of his thigh that the thirty year old thug thought of that morning.
There once was a man who had a sister, his name was Mr. Fister. Mr. Fister\'s sister sold sea shells by the sea shore. Mr. Fister didn\'t sell sea shells, he sold silk sheets. Mr. Fister told his sister that he sold six silk sheets to six shieks. The sister of Mr. Fister said I sold six shells to six shieks too!
Bobby Bippy bought a bat.  Bobby Bippy bought a ball.  With his bat Bob banged the ball  Banged it bump against the wall  But so boldly Bobby banged it  That he burst his rubber ball  \"Boo!\" cried Bobby  Bad luck ball  Bad luck Bobby, bad luck ball  Now to drown his many troubles  Bobby Bippy\'s blowing bubbles.
The third time the three three-toed tree toads tried tying their toes together, the third three-toed tree toad tied the two three-toed tree toads toes to the third toads toes. Then the two tied three-toed tree toads told the third three-toed tree toad that tying their toes together thrilled them to their toe tips.
Federal Express is now called FedEx. When I retire I\'ll be a FedEx ex. But if I\'m an officer when I retire, I\'ll be an ex Fedex Exec. Then after a divorce, my ex-wife will be an ex FedEx exec\'s ex. If I rejoin FedEx in time, I\'d be an ex ex FedEx exec. When we remarry, my wife will be an ex ex FedEx exec\'s ex.
Corythosaurus bit the gory oesophagus of the dilapidated Dilophosaurus who lived in the sorest of forests with the whacky pachy-rhinoceros and the ceratosaurus, but the most poorest and mourish panoplosaurus called Wang sang and rang chorus with the lurdusaurus and the brachiosaurus who was dying of staphylococus-aureas.
Everybody\'s heard of Peter Piper  And the peck of pickled peppers that he picked  That\'s such a silly simple children\'s game  It hasn\'t even got a name  But I\'d like to bet that it\'ll trip you  And I bet you\'re gonna have to say you\'re licked  If Peter Piper you pronounce with ease  Then twist your tongue around these 
But the faithful father, forestalling further flinching, frantically flagged his flunkies to fetch forth the finest fatling and fix a feast. But the fugitive\'s fault finding frater, faithfully farming his father\'s fields for free, frowned at this fickle forgiveness of former falderal. His fury flashed, but fussing was futile.
Ken can ken that Ken\'s kin can ken Ken\'s kin\'s ken. King Thistle stuck a thousand thistles in the thistle of his thumb. A thousand thistles King Thistle stuck in the thistle of his thumb. If King Thistle stuck a thousand thistles in the thistle of his thumb, How many thistles did King Thistle stick in the thistle of his thumb?
If a Hottentot tot taught a Hottentot tot to talk before the tot would totter, ought the Hottentot tot be taught to say ought, or naught, or what ought to be taught the Hottentot tot? If to hoot and to toot a Hottentot tot be taught by a Hottentot tutor, should the tutor get hot if the Hottentot tot hoots and toots at the Hottentot tutor?
How much wood could Chuck Woods\' woodchuck chuck, if Chuck Woods\' woodchuck could and would chuck wood? If Chuck Woods\' woodchuck could and would chuck wood, how much wood could and would Chuck Woods\' woodchuck chuck? Chuck Woods\' woodchuck would chuck, he would, as much as he could, and chuck as much wood as any woodchuck would, if a woodchuck could and would chuck wood.
Ed Nott was shot and Sam Shott was not. So it is better to be Shott than Nott. Some say Nott was not shot. But Shott says he shot Nott. Either the shot Shott shot at Nott was not shot, or Nott was shot. If the shot Shott shot shot Nott, Nott was shot. But if the shot Shott shot shot Shott, the shot was Shott, not Nott. However, the shot Shott shot shot not Shott - but Nott. So, Ed Nott was shot and that\'s hot! Is it not?
A tree toad loved a she-toad,  Who lived up in a tree.  He was a three-toed tree toad,  But a two-toed toad was she.  The three-toed tree toad tried to win,  The two-toed she-toad\'s heart,  For the three-toed tree toad loved the ground,  That the two-toed tree toad trod.  But the three-toed tree toad tried in vain.  He couldn\'t please her whim.  From her tree toad bower,  With her two-toed power,  The she-toad vetoed him.
Esau Wood sawed wood. All the wood Esau Wood saw, Esau Wood would saw. All the wood Wood saw, Esau sought to saw. One day Esau Wood\'s wood-saw would saw no wood. So Esau Wood sought a new wood-saw. The new wood-saw would saw wood. Oh, the wood Esau Wood would saw. Esau sought a saw that would saw wood as no other wood-saw would saw. And Esau found a saw that would saw as no other wood-saw would saw. And Esau Wood sawed wood.
Voilà! In view, a humble vaudevillian veteran, cast vicariously as both victim and villain by the vicissitudes of Fate. This visage, no mere veneer of vanity, is a vestige of the vox populi, now vacant, vanished. However, this valorous visitation of a by-gone vexation, stands vivified and has vowed to vanquish these venal and virulent vermin van-guarding vice and vouchsafing the violently vicious and voracious violation of volition.
Feeling footloose, fancy-free and frisky, this feather-brained fellow finagled his fond father into forking over his fortune. Forthwith, he fled for foreign fields and frittered his farthings feasting fabulously with fair-weather friends. Finally, fleeced by those folly filled fellows and facing famine, he found him-self a feed flinger in a filthy farm-lot. He fain would have filled his frame with foraged food from fodder fragments.
Theophilus Thadeus Thistledown, the succesful thistle-sifter, while sifting a sieve-full of unsifted thistles, thrust three thousand thistles through the thick of his thumb. Now, if Theophilus Thadeus Thistledown, the succesful thistle-sifter, thrust three thousand thistles through the thick of his thumb, see that thou, while sifting a sieve-full of unsifted thistles, thrust not three thousand thistles through the thick of thy thumb.
If the label on the cable on the table at your house, Says the network is connected to the button on your mouse, But your packets want to tunnel on another protocol, That\'s repeatedly rejected by the printer down the hall, And your screen is all distorted by the side effects of gauss, So your icons in the window are as wavy as a souse, Then you may as well reboot and go out with a bang, \'Cause as sure as I\'m a poet, the sucker\'s gonna hang!
This is a story about four people named Everybody, Somebody, Anybody and Nobody. There was an important job to be done and Everybody was sure that Somebody would do it. Anybody could have done it, but Nobody did it. Somebody got angry about that, because it was Everybody\'s job. Everybody thought Anybody could do it, but Nobody realised that Everybody wouldn\'t do it. It ended up that Everybody blamed Somebody, when Nobody did, what Anybody could have done.
Out in the pasture the nature watcher watches the catcher. While the catcher watches the pitcher who pitches the balls. Whether the temperature\'s up or whether the temperature\'s down, the nature watcher, the catcher and the pitcher are always around. The pitcher pitches, the catcher catches and the watcher watches. So whether the temperature\'s rises or whether the temperature falls the nature watcher just watches the catcher who\'s watching the pitcher who\'s watching the balls.
I bought a bit of baking powder and baked a batch of biscuits. I brought a big basket of biscuits back to the bakery and baked a basket of big biscuits. Then I took the big basket of biscuits and the basket of big biscuits and mixed the big biscuits with the basket of biscuits that was next to the big basket and put a bunch of biscuits from the basket into a biscuit mixer and brought the basket of biscuits and the box of mixed biscuits and the biscuit mixer to the bakery and opened a tin of sardines.
The Doge did what a Doge does, when a Doge does his duty to a Duke, that is. When the Doge did his duty and the Duke didn\'t, that\'s when the Duchess did the dirt to the Duke with the Doge. There they were in the dark: The Duke with his dagger, the Doge with his dart and the Duchess with her dirk. The Duchess dug at the Duke just when the Duke dove at the Doge. Now the Duke ducked, the Doge dodged, and the Duchess didn\'t. So the Duke got the Duchess, the Duchess got the Doge, and the Doge got the Duke.
Give me the gift of a grip-top sock, A clip drape shipshape tip top sock. Not your spinslick slapstick slipshod stock, But a plastic, elastic grip-top sock. None of your fantastic slack swap slop from a slap dash flash cash haberdash shop. Not a knick knack knitlock knockneed knickerbocker sock With a mock-shot blob-mottled trick-ticker top clock. Not a supersheet seersucker rucksack sock, not a spot-speckled frog-freckled cheap sheik\'s sock off a hodgepodge moss-blotched scotch-botched block. Nothing slipshod drip drop flip flop or glip glop Tip me to a tip top grip top sock.
Give me the gift of a grip-top sock, A clip drape shipshape tip top sock.  Not your spinslick slapstick slipshod stock,  But a plastic, elastic grip-top sock.  None of your fantastic slack swap slop From a slap dash flash cash haberdash shop.  Not a knick knack knitlock knockneed knickerbocker sock With a mock-shot blob-mottled trick-ticker top clock.  Not a supersheet seersucker rucksack sock,  Not a spot-speckled frog-freckled cheap sheik\'s sock Off a hodge-podge moss-blotched scotch-botched block.  Nothing slipshod drip drop flip flop or glip glop Tip me to a tip top grip top sock.
To sit in solemn silence in a dull, dark dock,  In a pestilential prison, with a life-long lock,  Awaiting the sensation of a short, sharp shock,  From a cheap and chippy chopper on a big black block!  To sit in solemn silence in a dull, dark dock,  In a pestilential prison, with a life-long lock,  Awaiting the sensation of a short, sharp shock,  From a cheap and chippy chopper on a big black block!  A dull, dark dock, a life-long lock,  A short, sharp shock, a big black block!  To sit in solemn silence in a pestilential prison,  And awaiting the sensation  From a cheap and chippy chopper on a big black block!

